Surviving through Waterloo can be a lonely, isolating experience.  The endless flywheel of lectures, tutorials, assignments, and midterms leaves too many of us drained entirely, bereft of the joys that once filled our lives.  There exists a haven where we can find these joys again. 

It’s a place far from the pull of Waterloo.  Students’ boots are unfamiliar to its grounds; its doors revolve with the steps of our elders.  A student is unlikely to have any material call to it; no assignment, no chore, no hobby nor responsibility will ensnare you in its grasp.  The call may reach you nonetheless; if you hear, answer.  See.  Walk into the temple and look into its depths.  Fill your lungs with its ancient dust, the aroma of home, warmth, earth, and the smell of the dry morning sun.  See the walls rise into the distance, its rows of rough-hewn beams climbing into the sky not to reach it, only to touch.  Hear the preacher at its depths, his outstretched hands calloused by his familiarity, his sermons not in instructions but example.  Feel the pull of your heart as it follows this temple’s soul to the sky.  The temple is to no god and all of them; to no individual but all human empathy.  It is a place of help, of education; asking fathers to be our guide, to teach us the ancient craft of toil and love.  It is a monument to creation, to all that we may make of its materials. To boats for our travels, to houses for our families; to cribs for our children, and gifts for our friends.  It is empathy, love, and the tight-held embrace.

It is the lumber aisle of a hardware store.  It is a cathedral to a loving god.
