This little project is the first game I ever made. It's just over 500 lines of pure JavaScript. I think it was meant to be the first part in a series of space-themed games I would assemble together at some point?

The graphics are simple JavaScript canvas, based on the starter code from [w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/graphics/tryit.asp?filename=trygame_canvas). I'd continue to use this starter code for a lot of my initial games, customizing and rewriting parts of it as I grew to understand what it was doing, until the canvas code I'd use in later games became unrecognizable from its humble beginnings.

A few funny quirks about this game. First, you may notice some amount of flashing, in particular whenever the player sprite changes. This is because on every sprite change, the site calls the image to be loaded from the server anew. There's no caching of any sort. On a small game like this, that actually wasn't so bad, but once I started becoming more ambitious on my next project, [the first level of Mario](/work/game/luigi), it didn't scale. 

Another interesting quirk is that `Date.now()`, the fundamental function you need for any sort of live time tracking in JavaScript, is never called by this program. You may be wondering, "how, then, is the timer going up onscreen?" The answer is frame counting. I created a `frameNumber` variable, and incremented it on every single frame refresh. I had used a `setInterval` call to make the game update approximately every 16 ms. Then, I could reverse-engineer the seconds elapsed since game start using `frameNumber / 60`. This worked really well on my PC! Does it work when you have Chrome's memory saver enabled? Does it work on older computers, or in any environment not capable of the 16ms frame refresh? don't worry about it :)
